Clarify some wording in SSC Glossary (#1360)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-supply-chain/glossary.md

## Lockfile

A lockfile describes a dependency tree to ensure that deployments and organizations install the same **dependencies and exact versions** for their codebase. Lockfile information includes versions of the dependency and any transitive (indirect) dependencies. Lockfiles are automatically generated by a package manager such as `pip` or `npm`.

> Semgrep Supply Chain uses lockfiles as part of its analysis to determine the exact version of a dependency that a codebase is using.

Reviewer: I see that we are removing the "reachability analysis" wording? Previously, the reason for specifying "reachability analysis" is because part of an SSC rule's makeup is to specify the vulnerability's affected versions (the `version` key). Something is only reachable if they're using those affected versions. The lockfile tells us this information. Hence we use the lockfile to determine reachability.

Author: @s-santillan that's a bit of a strange way of looking at it from my perspective. The dependency is affected at specific versions even if the rule is lockfile-only. If the rule also has reachability, once we determine an affected version is present we can look for code usages. But the version determination is not really related to reachability in my mind. I'm happy for @andy-r2c to disagree though, that's one reason I wanted his review!

Reviewer: I stand corrected! - let's remove "reachability", since it works for both analyses.

A reachable finding means that you are using both a vulnerable piece of code (the **usage**) and the vulnerable version of a dependency. Within Semgrep Supply Chain, specific findings (usages) are grouped together by their vulnerability.

Continuous integration scans with Semgrep Supply Chain rules can block pull or merge requests upon detecting any reachable findings.

See also [Reachability](#reachability).

## Reachability

> Reachability refers to whether or not a vulnerable piece of code from a dependency is used in the related codebase. In Semgrep Supply Chain, both a dependency's vulnerable version and code pattern must match for a vulnerability to be considered reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reachability refers to whether or not a vulnerable piece of code from a dependency is used in the codebase importing it. In Semgrep Supply Chain, both a dependency's vulnerable version and code pattern must match for a vulnerability to be considered reachable.
```

Not sure if my suggestion is any better, tbh.

Author: I think it's good, but should we go with "importing it" or "that imports it"? Probably want to use the same here and below.

Reviewer: I went with "that imports it" and updated the suggestion accordingly. Thank you!

See [Overview of Semgrep Supply Chain](/semgrep-supply-chain/overview) to learn how Semgrep leverages its code-scanning and rule syntax capabilities to provide high-signal rules that determine a finding's reachability. This assists security engineers in remediation and triage processes.

## Reachability rules

> A type of Semgrep Supply Chain rule that performs reachability analysis. A reachability rule can determine if the vulnerable piece of code from a dependency is used in the related codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type of Semgrep Supply Chain rule that performs reachability analysis. A reachability rule can determine if the vulnerable piece of code from a dependency is used in the codebase that imports it.
```

> A type of Semgrep Supply Chain rule that performs reachability analysis. A reachability rule can determine if the vulnerable piece of code from a dependency is used in the codebase that imports it.

Author: I'm open to that, but let's do it in a separate PR - currently the definition of reachability here doesn't really touch on that either, so the page would need a broader reworking to be consistent.
